[18.0][MIG] document_page_procedure: Migration to 18.0 (#610)
OCA/management-system: document_page_procedure/readme/DESCRIPTION.md

> This module provides a Procedure Template. If mgmtsystem_manual will be
> installed you can change initial template.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This module provides a Procedure template.

- Go to Management Systems \> Documentation \> Procedures
- Create a new Procedure
- Fill in the title and the content
```
